teacher Farquhar aqui con than halo
product or as a coochie coochie I've
cleared my calendar FarCry quattro Fras
Mogae Mickey provide rockstar Brazil
come off fri trace Romeo Kelly party
below projections hey dance well in
Brazil 443 was a huge success mainly cuz
of us the bad guy did I ever tell you
the definition of insanity oh geez
but who can tell us about the fuckin
mean recommend a new villain that will
kicks vas as maybe you know what I'd
like to see that I'd like to see that
fight they're totally different
characters i mean i think a boss he's a
bully he's biggie stuff he's very
physical and when we started to talk
about how we wanted to make a new
character we wanted to make somebody
that was different it can't always be
the same kind of insanity segun min is
different pegan min is like that guy in
school who was your best friend that you
know is bad for you he's the guy who
shows up and says hey and he likes you
and he's friendly with you and he says
hey why don't we go steal a car and he's
charming he's like how bad influence yes
exactly but and we all have those
friends that we know if we stay friends
with them we're gonna end up in jail or
dead right but they're always good like
they're always the ones that your mom
goes all he's a nice boy and you're like
mom are you kidding me this guy's crazy
that's what pagan min is when he meets
you for the first time he's like it's
you I'm so happy to see you let's go
cause some trouble Oh would you hope but
just a moment I want to get a little
share right into the camera there we are
awesome so about the success in Brazil
what do you think that far cry 4 will
bring that to continue the same success
what's the the new features or something
that the Brazilian people maybe can
identify themselves with this
I think the root of far cry is to be
surprising right at the end of far cry
we wanted to build something that was
different and nobody saw blood dragon
coming so everybody's like what is this
I don't understand where is this going
and everybody is like is this on-brand
doesn't it on bread yes it's on brand
because it's irreverent in it's
surprising so then we started to talk
about where do we want to go next well
we could stay on the same island and we
can have another we get have the same
type of antagonists we can have Jason's
story continued and everybody is like
wow you can see that coming that's
that's not new it's not fresh it's not
different so let's let's do something
difficult let's do something hard let's
take you up to twelve thirteen thousand
feet let's give you the wingsuit early
let's give you the opportunity for you
and a friend to go out into the open
world and not only take over outpost but
to take over fortresses to be able to
get on top of an elephant and use it to
smash down the door of that fortress you
and your buddy on the elephant maybe one
of them on a wingsuit one of them on the
elephant absolutely crazy I never heard
of sharks in in Malaya what do you think
will be the worst animal that we've got
this time that's a good question the
most the scariest animal I mean for me
if you're getting if you're getting
chased by a tiger it's pretty scary but
the honestly thing is is that you want
to be really careful around the
elephants if you piss off an elephant
you're gonna get stomped so every new
super dangerous but if you can get on
top of them if you can ride them if you
can weaponize them you turn the tables
I don't know it's hard to say I think I
think people what I really like about
FarCry is that we allow people to go out
and tell us it's it's fine and good for
me to tell you what what my favorite
animal is but what we want to hear is
what's your favorite animal we want to
hear all the anecdotes that we weren't
expecting we want to be able to give you
the opportunity to give you the toy box
to give you the toys and then just play
thanks so much yes nice to me do FarCry
quadrata chegando a de ser no ain't no
vain brophy calligaris amo così dodgy
who then do blow apocalypse e two x
minus vs political sabido que little was
poking work in China enjoy your small
victory Xavier for the age of apocalypse
is nigh Papa mice